docs: add faq page (#201)
rolldown/tsdown: docs/guide/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is the difference between tsdown and Rolldown ?

## Why should I use tsdown instead of other bundlers (like tsup, unbuild,...) ?

## Will tsdown support stub mode (similar to unbuild) ?

> For various technical and design reasons, we have decided not to support stub mode in tsdown. We recommand using the [watch mode](/guide/watch-mode.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [various technical and design reasons](https://github.com/rolldown/tsdown/pull/164#issuecomment-2849720617), we have decided not to support stub mode in tsdown. We recommend using the [watch mode](/guide/watch-mode.md) instead.
```

Also might be worth to link to the issue at "various technical reasons"

Reviewer 2: I think duplicated links are confusing. I'm going to improve the expression.
